(Please scan this QR Code to view this Red Herring Prospectus)
RED HERRING PROSPECTUS
Dated December 10, 2025
Please read section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013
100% Book Built Offer
KSH INTERNATIONAL LIMITED CORPORATE IDENTITY NUMBER: U28129PN1979PLC141032
(1) Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, may consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(2) The UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 p.m. on Bid/Offer Closing Day.
RED HERRING PROSPECTUS
Dated December 10, 2025 Please read section 32 of the Companies Act, 2013
100% Book Built Offer
KSH INTERNATIONAL LIMITED
Our Company was originally incorporated as “Bhandary Metal Extrusion Private Limited” under the provisions of the Companies Act, 1956, pursuant to a certificate of incorporation dated July 30, 1979, issued by the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Bombay. Subsequently, the name of our Company was changed from “Bhandary Metal Extrusion Private Limited” to “KSH International Private Limited” pursuant to a resolution dated June 1, 1996 passed by our Board and a resolution dated June 24, 1996 passed by our shareholders, post which a fresh certificate of incorporation dated July 4, 1996 was issued by Registrar of Companies Maharashtra at Mumbai pursuant to change of name under the Companies Act, 1956. Further, pursuant to a special resolution passed by our Shareholders on January 13, 2011 which was confirmed by an order of the regional director dated August 16, 2011, the registered office of our Company was shifted from the jurisdiction of Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Mumbai to the jurisdiction of the Registrar of Companies, Maharashtra at Pune, and a certificate of registration of the order of regional director confirming transfer of the registered office within the same state was issued to us on October 13, 2011, by the RoC. On the conversion of our Company from a private limited company to a public limited company, pursuant to a resolution passed by our Board on December 11, 2024 and a special resolution passed by our Shareholders on December 19, 2024, the name of our Company was changed to “KSH International Limited” and a fresh certificate of incorporation was issued by the Registrar of Companies, Central Processing Centre on January 20, 2025. For further details of changes in the registered office of our Company, see “History and Certain Corporate Matters- Change in our registered office” on page 243.
Corporate Identity Number: U28129PN1979PLC141032
Registered Office: 11/3, 11/4 and 11/5, Village Birdewadi, Chakan Taluka - Khed, Pune – 410 501, Maharashtra, India;
Corporate Office: 201, Tower 2, Montreal Business Centre, Off Pallod Farms, Baner, Pune – 411 045, Maharashtra, India;
Contact Person: Sarthak Malvadkar, Company Secretary and Compliance Officer; Telephone: + 91 20 4505 3237;
E-mail: cs.connect@kshinternational.com; Website: www.kshinternational.com
(1) Our Company, in consultation with the Book Running Lead Managers, may consider participation by Anchor Investors in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations.
(2) The UPI mandate end time and date shall be at 5:00 p.m. on Bid/Offer Closing Day.
SECTION I - GENERAL	2
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS	2
CERTAIN CONVENTIONS, USE OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND MARKET DATA AND CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION	15
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS	18
SUMMARY OF THE OFFER DOCUMENT	20
SECTION II: RISK FACTORS	28
SECTION III – INTRODUCTION	67
THE OFFER	67
SUMMARY FINANCIAL STATEMENTS	69
GENERAL INFORMATION	74
CAPITAL STRUCTURE	84
DEFINITIONS AND ABBREVIATIONS
This Red Herring Prospectus uses certain definitions and abbreviations which, unless the context otherwise indicates or implies, or unless otherwise specified, shall have the meaning as provided below, and references to any legislation, act, regulation, rules, guidelines or policies shall be to such legislation, act, regulation, rule guidelines or policy as amended from time to time and any reference to a statutory provision shall include any subordinate legislation made from time to time under that provision. Further, the Offer related terms used but not defined in this Red Herring Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms under the General Information Document. In case of any inconsistency between the definitions given below and the definitions contained in the General Information Document (as defined below), the definitions given below shall prevail.
Unless the context otherwise indicates, all references to “we”, “us”, “our”, “the Company”, and “our Company”, are references to KSH International Limited, a company incorporated on July 30, 1979 under the Companies Act, 1956 and having its Registered Office at 11/3, 11/4 and 11/5, Village Birdewadi, Chakan Taluka - Khed, Pune – 410 501, Maharashtra, India and its Corporate Office at 201, Tower 2, Montreal Business Centre, Off Pallod Farms, Baner, Pune – 411 045, Maharashtra, India.
The words and expressions used in this Red Herring Prospectus but not defined herein, shall have, to the extent applicable, the meanings ascribed to such terms under the Companies Act, the SEBI Act, the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the SCRA, SCRR, and the Depositories Act, as amended.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, terms in “Main Provisions of the Articles of Association”, “Statement of Special Tax Benefits”, “Industry Overview”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India”, “History and Certain Corporate Matters”, “Basis for the Offer Price”, “Restriction on Foreign Ownership of Indian Securities”, “Financial Information” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 441, 134, 137, 238, 243, 124, 438, 280 and 388, respectively, will have the meaning ascribed to such terms in those respective sections.
General Terms
Company Related Terms
Offer Related Terms
Conventional and General Terms and Abbreviations
Technical and Industry Related Terms
Key Financial and Operating Metrics used in this Red Herring Prospectus
CERTAIN CONVENTIONS, USE OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION AND MARKET DATA AND CURRENCY OF PRESENTATION
Certain Conventions
All references in this Red Herring Prospectus to “India” are to the Republic of India and its territories and possessions and all references herein to the “Government”, “Indian Government”, “GoI”, “Central Government” or the “State Government” are to the Government of India, central or state, as applicable. All references herein to the “US”, “USA”, the “U.S.” or the “United States” are to the United States of America and its territories and possessions. All references herein to “EU” are to the European Union and its territories and possessions. All references herein to “Sweden” are to Sweden and its territories and possessions.
Unless indicated otherwise, all references to page numbers in this Red Herring Prospectus are to page numbers of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Financial Data
Our Company’s financial year commences on April 1 of the immediately preceding calendar year and ends on March 31 of that particular calendar year and accordingly, all references to a particular financial year or fiscal are to the 12-month period commencing on April 1 of the immediately preceding calendar year and ending on March 31 of that particular calendar year. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references to a year in this Red Herring Prospectus are to a calendar year and references to a Fiscal/Fiscal Year are to the year ended on March 31, of that calendar year. Certain other financial information pertaining to our Group Companies are derived from their respective audited financial statements.
Unless indicated otherwise or the context requires otherwise, the financial information and financial ratios in this Red Herring Prospectus have been derived from the Restated Financial Statements. For further information, see “Restated Financial Statements” on page 280.
The restated financial information of our Company comprising the restated statements of assets and liabilities as on and for the three months period ended June 30, 2025 and for the years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023, the restated statements of profit and loss (including other comprehensive income), the restated statements of cash flow, the restated statements of changes in equity, the summary of material accounting policies and other explanatory information and other financial information, including the annexures, notes and schedules thereto, for the three-months period ended June 30, 2025, and for the years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023 Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, prepared in terms of the requirements of Section 26 of Part I of Chapter III of the Companies Act, SEBI ICDR Regulations, the Guidance Note on Reports in Company Prospectuses (Revised 2019) issued by ICAI, as amended from time to time and the Indian Accounting Standards as specified under Section 133 of the Act and other accounting principles generally accepted in India.
There are significant differences between Ind AS, Indian GAAP, US GAAP and IFRS. Our Company does not provide reconciliation of its financial information to IFRS or US GAAP. Our Company has not attempted to explain those differences or quantify their impact on the financial data included in this Red Herring Prospectus and it is urged that you consult your own advisors regarding such differences and their impact on our Company’s financial data. For details in connection with risks involving differences between Ind AS, U.S. GAAP and IFRS, see “Risk Factors – Significant differences exist between Indian accounting standard (“Ind AS”) and other accounting principles, such as international financial reporting standards (“IFRS”) and United States generally accepted accounting principles (“U.S. GAAP”), which may be material to investors’ assessments of our financial condition.” page 60. The degree to which the financial information included in this Red Herring Prospectus will provide meaningful information is entirely dependent on the reader’s level of familiarity with Indian accounting policies and practices, the Companies Act, 2013 and the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Any reliance by persons not familiar with Indian accounting policies and practices on the financial disclosures presented in this Red Herring Prospectus should accordingly be limited. Further, any figures sourced from third-party industry sources may be rounded off to other than two decimal points to conform to their respective sources.
In this Red Herring Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between the total and the sums of the amounts listed are due to rounding off. All figures in decimals have been rounded off to the second decimal and all percentage figures have been rounded off to two decimal places. In certain instances, discrepancies in any table between the sums of the amounts listed in the table and totals are due to rounding off.
Further, any figures sourced from third party industry sources may be rounded off to other than to the second decimal to conform to their respective sources.
Any percentage amounts, as set forth in “Risk Factors”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” on pages 28, 211 and 356, respectively, and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus, unless otherwise stated or context requires otherwise, have been derived from Restated Financial Statements or non-GAAP financial measures as described below.
Non-GAAP Financial Measures
Certain measures included in this Red Herring Prospectus, for instance EBITDA, EBITDA Margin, Net Debt, Return on Capital Employed, Return on Equity, and other non- GAAP measures (the “Non-GAAP Measures’’), presented in this Red Herring Prospectus are supplemental measures of our performance and liquidity that are not required by, or presented in accordance with Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP. Furthermore, these Non-GAAP Measures are not a measurement of our financial performance or liquidity under Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net profit/loss, revenue from operations or any other performance measures derived in accordance with Ind AS, IFRS or US GAAP or as an alternative to cash flow from operations or as a measure of our liquidity. Further, these Non-GAAP Measures and other statistical and other information relating to operations and financial performance should not be considered in isolation or construed as an alternative to cash flows, profit/ (loss) for the years/ period or any other measure of financial performance or as an indicator of our operating performance, liquidity, profitability or cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities derived in accordance with Ind AS, Indian GAAP, IFRS or US GAAP. In addition, these Non-GAAP Measures and other statistical and other information relating to operations and financial performance, are not standardised terms and may not be computed on the basis of any standard methodology that is applicable across the industry and therefore, may not be comparable to financial measures of similar nomenclature that may be computed and presented by other companies and are not measures of operating performance or liquidity defined by Ind AS and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. Further, they may have limited utility as a comparative measure. Although such Non-GAAP financial measures are not a measure of performance calculated in accordance with applicable accounting standards, our Company’s management believes that they are useful to an investor in evaluating us as they are widely used measures to evaluate a company’s operating performance. For further information, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations – Non-GAAP Measures – EBITDA (excluding other income) and Adjusted EBITDA” on page 380.
Industry and Market Data
Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this Red Herring Prospectus has been obtained or derived from the report titled “Industry Research Report on Magnet Winding Wires Market in India” dated November 26, 2025 (“CARE Report”), prepared by CARE Analytics and Advisory Private Limited (“CareEdge Research”), which has been prepared exclusively for the purpose of understanding the industry in connection with the Offer and commissioned and paid for by our Company, pursuant to the engagement letter dated December 2, 2024. The CARE Report is available on the website of our Company at the following weblink: https://kshinternational.com/investor-relations/industry-report/. Further, CareEdge Research, pursuant to their consent letter dated November 26, 2025 (“Letter”) has accorded their no objection and consent to use the CARE Report. CareEdge Research, pursuant to their Letter, has also confirmed that it is an independent agency and has no conflict of interest issuing the CARE Report, and confirmed that it is not related, either directly or indirectly, to our Company, our Directors, our Promoters (including the Promoter Selling Shareholders), our Key Managerial Personnel, our Senior Management, our Group Companies or the Book Running Lead Managers.
Industry publications generally state that the information contained in such publications has been obtained from publicly available documents from various sources believed to be reliable but accuracy, completeness relevance of such information shall be subject to the disclaimers, context and underlying assumptions of such sources. The data used in these sources may have been reclassified by us for the purposes of presentation and may also not be comparable. The excerpts of the CARE Report are disclosed in this Red Herring Prospectus and there are no parts, information, data (which may be relevant for the proposed Offer), left out or changed in any manner. The extent to which the industry and market data presented in this Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful and depends upon the reader’s familiarity with, and understanding of, the methodologies used in compiling such information. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which our Company conducts business and methodologies, and assumptions may vary widely among different market and industry sources. Such information involves risks, uncertainties and numerous assumptions and is subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in “Risk Factors – Certain sections of this Red Herring Prospectus contain information from the CARE Report which has been commissioned by us and any reliance on such information for making an investment decision in this Offer is subject to inherent risks.” on page 40. Accordingly, no investment decision should be solely made on the basis of such information.
In accordance with the disclosure requirements under the SEBI ICDR Regulations, the section titled “Basis for the Offer Price” on page 124 includes information relating to our listed peer group companies. Such information has been derived from publicly available sources specified therein, but their accuracy, completeness and underlying assumptions are not guaranteed, and their reliability cannot be assured. Accordingly, no investment decisions should be based solely on such information.
The extent to which the industry and industry data used in this Red Herring Prospectus is meaningful depends on the reader’s familiarity with and understanding of the methodologies used in compiling such data. There are no standard data gathering methodologies in the industry in which the business of our Company is conducted, and methodologies and assumptions may vary widely among different industry sources.
Currency and Units of Presentation
All references to:
“Rupees” or “INR” or “₹” or “Rs.” are to Indian Rupees, the official currency of the Republic of India;
“U.S $”, “U.S. Dollar”, “USD” are to United States Dollars, the official currency of the United States of America;
‘EUR’, ‘Euro’ and ‘€’ are to the official currency of the European Union; and
“SEK” are to Swedish Krona, the official currency of Sweden.
All the figures in this Red Herring Prospectus, except for figures derived from the CARE Report (which are in million or billion), have been presented in million or in whole numbers where the numbers have been too small to present in million unless stated otherwise. One million represents 1,000,000 and one billion represents 1,000,000,000 and one trillion represents 1,000,000,000,000. In certain instances, (i) the sum or percentage change of such numbers may not conform exactly to the total figure given, and (ii) the sum of the figures in a column or row in certain tables may not conform exactly to the total figure given for that column or row. However, figures sourced from third-party industry sources may be expressed in denominations other than million or may be rounded off to other than two decimal points in the respective sources, and such figures have been expressed in this Red Herring Prospectus in such denominations or rounded-off to such number of decimal points as provided in such respective sources.
Time
All references to time in this Red Herring Prospectus are to Indian Standard Time.
Exchange Rates
This Red Herring Prospectus may contain conversions of certain other currency amounts into Indian Rupees that have been presented solely to comply with the requirements of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. These conversions should not be construed as a representation that such currency amounts could have been, or can be converted into Indian Rupees, at any particular rate, or at all.
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information with respect to the exchange rate between the ₹and the respective foreign currencies:
(in ₹)
Source: FBIL Reference Rate as available on www.fbil.org.in. and www.oanda.com/bvi-en/ Notes:
The exchange rates are rounded off to two decimal places.
In the event that any of the aforementioned date is a public holiday, the previous calendar day not being a public holiday has been considered.
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Red Herring Prospectus contains certain statements which are not statements of historical fact and may be described as “forward-looking statements”. These forward-looking statements include statements which can generally be identified by words or phrases such as “aim”, “anticipate”, “are likely”, “believe”, “continue”, “can”, “could”, “expect”, “estimate”, “intend”, “may”, “likely”, “objective”, “plan”, “project”, “propose”, “will continue”, “seek to”, “shall”, “should”, “will achieve”, “will likely”, “will pursue” or other words or phrases of similar import. Similarly, statements that describe the strategies, objectives, plans or goals of our Company are also forward-looking statements. All statements regarding our expected financial conditions, results of operations, business plans and prospects are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements as to our business strategy, plans, revenue, and profitability (including, without limitation, any financial or operating projections or forecasts) and other matters discussed in this Red Herring Prospectus that are not historical facts. However, these are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are based on our current plans, estimates and expectations and actual results may differ materially from those suggested by such forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions about us that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the relevant forward-looking statement. This may be due to risks or uncertainties associated with our expectations with respect to, but not limited to, regulatory changes pertaining to the industries we cater and our ability to respond to them, our ability to successfully implement our strategies, our growth and expansion, technological changes, our exposure to market risks, general economic and political conditions in India and globally, which have an impact on our business activities or investments, the monetary and fiscal policies of India, inflation, deflation, unanticipated turbulence in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices or other rates or prices, the performance of the financial markets in India and globally, changes in domestic laws, regulations and taxes, changes in competition in our industry and incidence of any natural calamities and/or acts of violence.
Certain important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include, but are not lim ited to, the following:
Reliance on our key customers;
Reliance on our key suppliers;
Price and availability of primary raw materials i.e. copper and aluminium, and insulating materials such as enamel and paper;
Reliance on the power sector (generation, transmission and distribution) industry;
Reliance on the sale of our key product segment i.e., specialized magnet winding wires;
Delay in or inability of the vendors to provide the equipment in a timely manner in relation to the capital expenditure to be incurred for certain of our proposed objects of the Offer;
Any unscheduled, unplanned or prolonged disruption, slowdown or shutdown of our manufacturing facilities;
Any delays or cost overruns in the completion of the construction of the Supa Facility;
Product defect issues or failure by us or our raw materials suppliers to comply with the strict quality standards and requirements applicable to our business operations; and
Reliance on exports and any change in law, regulations and policies of foreign jurisdictions where we sell our products or plan to sell our products.
For further details of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from the expectations, see “Risk Factors”, “Our Business” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” on pages 28, 211 and 356, respectively. By their nature, certain market risk disclosures are only estimates and could be materially different from what actually occurs in the future. As a result, actual future gains or losses could materially be different from those that have been estimated. Forward-looking statements reflect our current views as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus and are not a guarantee of future performance. These statements are based on our management’s belief and assumptions, which in turn are based on currently available information. Although we believe that the assumptions on which such statements are based are reasonable, any such assumptions as well as statements based on them could prove to be inaccurate and the forward-looking statements based on these assumptions could be incorrect. Neither our Company, our Directors, the Promoter Selling Shareholders, BRLMs, nor the Syndicate Members or any of their respective affiliates have any obligation to update or otherwise revise any statements reflecting circumstances arising after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of underlying events, even if the underlying assumptions do not come to fruition.
In accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations, our Company will ensure that investors in India are informed of material developments pertaining to our Company from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus until the time of the grant of listing and trading permissions by the Stock Exchanges for the Offer. In accordance with the requirements of the SEBI and as prescribed under the applicable law, our Promoter Selling Shareholders, in respect of statements made by them in this Red Herring Prospectus, severally and not jointly, shall ensure (through our Company and the Book Running Lead Managers) that the Bidders are informed of material developments in relation to statements specifically confirmed or undertaken by them in this Red Herring Prospectus and the Prospectus until the time of the grant of listing and trading permission by the Stock Exchanges for the Offer, with respect to their Offered Shares. Only the statements and undertakings which are specifically confirmed or undertaken by each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders about or in relation to themselves as Promoter Selling Shareholders and their respective portion of the Offered Shares, in this Red Herring Prospectus shall be deemed to be statements and undertakings made by such Promoter Selling Shareholder.
SUMMARY OF THE OFFER DOCUMENT
This section is a general summary of certain disclosures included in this Red Herring Prospectus and is not exhaustive, nor does it purport to contain a summary of all the disclosures in this Red Herring Prospectus or all details relevant to prospective investors. This summary should be read in conjunction with, and is qualified in its entirety by, the more detailed information appearing elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the sections “Risk Factors”, “Our Business”, “Industry Overview”, “Capital Structure”, “The Offer”, “Restated Financial Statements”, “Objects of the Offer”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Position and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 28, 211, 137, 84, 67, 280, 106, 356, 388, respectively of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Primary business of our Company
We are the third largest manufacturer of magnet winding wires in India in terms of production capacity in Fiscal 2025 (Source: CARE Report). We are also the largest exporter of magnet winding wires from India in terms of export revenues in Fiscal 2025 (Source: CARE Report). Our key products include round enamelled copper/ aluminium magnet winding wires, paper insulted rectangular copper/ aluminium magnet winding wires, continuously transposed conductors, rectangular enamelled copper/ aluminum magnet winding wires and bunched paper insulated copper magnet winding wires. Our products are critical components of capital goods such as transformers, motors, alternators and generators.
For further details, see “Our Business” on page 211.
Summary of industry in which our Company operates
As per the CARE Report, the electric wires and cables market in India is experiencing robust growth, fueled by a confluence of factors that are reshaping the industrial and technological landscape of the nation. Electric wires and cables play a pivotal role in supporting various industries, including electrical equipment, telecommunications, motor vehicles, and construction. India's electric wires and cables market was valued at USD 19.68 billion in CY24, reflecting a CAGR of 6.08% from CY19 to CY24. The market is projected to reach USD 29.85 billion by CY28, expanding at a CAGR of 10.98% from CY24 to CY28.
For further details, see “Industry Overview” on page 137.
Our Promoters
Kushal Subbayya Hegde, Pushpa Kushal Hegde, Rajesh Kushal Hegde, Rohit Kushal Hegde, Rakhi Girija Shetty, Dhaulagiri Family Trust, Everest Family Trust, Makalu Family Trust, Broad Family Trust, Annapurna Family Trust, Kanchenjunga Family Trust and Waterloo Industrial Park VI Private Limited are the Promoters of our Company.
For further details, see “Our Promoters and Promoter Group” on page 269.
The Offer
The following table summarizes the details of the Offer:
The Offer has been authorized pursuant to the resolution passed by our Board dated May 6, 2025 and the Fresh Issue has been authorized by our Shareholders pursuant to a special resolution passed on May 6, 2025.
Each of the Promoter Selling Shareholders, severally and not jointly, confirms that its portion of the Offered Shares are eligible for being offered for sale in terms of Regulation 8 of the SEBI ICDR Regulations. Each Promoter Selling Shareholder has, severally and not jointly, consented to the sale of its portion of the Offered Shares in the Offer for Sale. For further details on the authorisation of the Promoter Selling Shareholders in relation to the Offered Shares, see “Other Regulatory and Statutory Disclosures – Authority for the Offer” on page 398.
The Offer shall constitute [●]% of the post-Offer paid-up equity share capital of our Company. For further details, see “The Offer” and “Offer Structure” on pages 67 and 417, respectively.
Objects of the Offer
The Net Proceeds are proposed to be utilised towards the following Objects:
(₹ in million)
(1) To be finalised upon determination of the Offer Price and updated in the Prospectus prior to filing with the RoC. The amount utilised for general corporate purposes shall not exceed 25% of the Gross Proceeds.
For further information, see “Objects of the Offer” on page 106.
Aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, the members of our Promoter Group, the Promoter Selling Shareholders of our Company
The aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, the members of our Promoter Group and Promoter Selling Shareholders as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is set out below:
*Also, the Promoter Selling Shareholder.
**The number is negligible and below the rounding off norms adopted by our Company.
^Subject to completion of the Offer and finalisation of the Basis of Allotment.
For further details, see “Capital Structure” on page 84.
Aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group and the additional top 10 Shareholders of our Company
The aggregate pre-Offer and post-Offer shareholding of our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group and additional top 10 Shareholders (apart from Promoters and members of our Promoter Group) as a percentage of the pre-Offer and post-Offer paid-up Equity Share capital of our Company is set out below:
^Subject to completion of the Offer and finalisation of the Basis of Allotment.
** The number is negligible and below the rounding off norms adopted by our Company.
*Also, the Promoter Selling Shareholder
For further details, see “Capital Structure” on page 84.
Summary of selected financial information
The details of certain financial information as at and for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, as derived from the Restated Financial Statements are set forth below:
(₹ in million, except per share data)
*Not annualised for period ended June 30, 2025. Notes:
Net worth means the aggregate value of the paid up share capital of the Company and all reserves created out of profits and securities premium account and debit or credit balance of profit and loss account, after deducting the aggregate value of the accumulated losses, miscellaneous expenditure not written off, as per the restated balance sheet, but does not include reserves created out of revaluation of assets, capital reserve, foreign currency translation reserve, write-back of depreciation as at period /year end, as per Restated Financial Statements of Assets and Liabilities of the Company.
Earnings per Equity Share (Basic) = restated profit attributable to the equity holders / weighted average number of equity shares.
Earnings per Equity Share (Diluted) = restated profit attributable to the equity holders / weighted average number of equity shares adjusted for the effects of dilution.
Basic EPS and Diluted EPS calculations are in accordance with Indian Accounting Standard 33 ‘Earnings per Share’. The Split of Equity Shares and Bonus Issue are retrospectively considered for the computation of weighted average number of equity shares outstanding during the period, in accordance with Ind AS 33.
Net Asset Value per Equity share is calculated as Equity attributable to owners of the Company / Net Worth divided by Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year as adjusted for Split of Equity Shares and Bonus Issue.
Total borrowings are computed as current borrowings plus non-current borrowings.
For further details, see “Restated Financial Statements” on page 280.
Qualifications of the Statutory Auditors which have not been given effect to in the Restated Financial Statements
There are no qualifications included by the Statutory Auditors in their audit reports and hence no effect is required to be given in the Restated Financial Statements.
Summary of outstanding litigations
A summary of outstanding litigation proceedings involving our Company, our Directors, our Promoters, our KMPs and Senior Management in accordance with the SEBI ICDR Regulations and the Materiality Policy as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, is provided below:
*	To the extent quantifiable.
#	Determined in accordance with the Materiality Policy. Notes:
Certain of our KMPs including, Kushal Subbayya Hegde, Rajesh Kushal Hegde, Rohit Kushal Hegde and Rakhi Girija Shetty are also our Executive Directors. Hence, litigation against our Executive Directors have not been included under the heading of KMPs to avoid repetition.
Certain of our SMs including, Sandesh Bhagwat, CEO, Amod Joshi, CFO, Sarthak Malvadkar, CS and Compliance Officer, and Ganesh Prasad, Technical Director, are also our KMPs. Hence, litigation against our KMPs have not been included under the heading of SMs to avoid repetition.
Further, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, there are no outstanding litigation involving our Group Companies which may have a material impact on our Company.
For further details, see “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on page 388.
Risk Factors
Specific attention of Bidders is invited to the section “Risk Factors” on page 28. Bidders are advised to read the risk factors carefully before taking an investment decision in the Offer. Set forth below are the top 10 risk factors applicable to our Company:
For further details, see “Risk Factors” on page 28.
Summary of contingent liabilities
The following is a summary table of our contingent liabilities as at the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, as derived from the Restated Financial Statements:
(₹ in million)
For details, see “Restated Financial Statements – Note 28: Contingent liabilities and commitments” on page 322.
Summary of related party transactions
The summary of related party transactions, as per the requirements under Ind AS 24 – ‘Related Party Disclosures’, entered into by us for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025 and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, as derived from the Restated Financial Statements are as set out in the table below:
(₹ in million)
#Information relating to remuneration does not include provision for gratuity, which is provided on an overall actuarial valuation, as separate amounts are not available for respective Key Managerial Personnel. Remuneration paid at actual basis is considered for above computation.
For further details, see “Restated Financial Statements – Note 31: Related Party Transaction” on page 331.
Financing arrangements
There have been no financing arrangements whereby our Promoters, members of our Promoter Group, our Directors and their relatives (as defined under Companies Act, 2013) have financed the purchase by any other person of securities of our Company (other than in the normal course of the business of the financing entity) during a period of six months immediately preceding the date of the Draft Red Hering Prospectus and this Red Herring Prospectus.
Weighted average price at which the specified securities were acquired by our Promoter and the Promoter Selling Shareholders in the last one year preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus
The weighted average price at which the specified securities were acquired by our Promoters and the Promoter Selling Shareholders in the last one year preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is given below:
Note: Number of Equity shares and cost of acquisition has been adjusted for subsequent sale/transfers made based on the average cost of the acquisition.
*Also, the Promoter Selling Shareholder
# Pursuant to a resolution passed by the Board and Shareholders of the Company dated February 10, 2025 and February 11, 2025, respectively, the face value of the equity shares was sub-divided from ₹100 per equity share to ₹5 per Equity Share. Further, pursuant to a resolution dated February 11, 2025 passed by our Shareholders, the Company approved the issue of bonus shares which were allotted on February 21, 2025
(1) As certified by Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated December 10, 2025.
Weighted average cost of acquisition of all shares transacted in last one year, 18 months and three years preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus
The weighted average price for all equity shares acquired in the last one year, eighteen months and three years preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus is mentioned below:
*	As certified by Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated December 10, 2025.
**  To be updated in the Prospectus.
#	Impact of bonus and sub-division of shares have been taken only on transactions that have been transacted during the last 1 year, trailing 18 months and last 3 years.
Average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters and the Promoter Selling Shareholders
The average cost of acquisition of Equity Shares by our Promoters and the Promoter Selling Shareholders as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus, is as set forth below:
Note: Number of Equity shares and cost of acquisition has been adjusted for subsequent sale/transfers made based on the average cost of the acquisition.
**  As certified by Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated December 10, 2025.
*	Also, Promoter Selling Shareholders.
Details of price at which specified securities of our Company were acquired by our Promoters, members of the Promoter Group, Promoter Selling Shareholders and Shareholders with the right to nominate Directors or any other special rights in the three years preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus
Except as stated below, none of our Promoters and members of our Promoter Group, Promoter Selling Shareholders and Shareholders with right to nominate directors or other special rights have acquired any Equity in the three years immediately preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus:
#	As certified by Kirtane & Pandit LLP, Chartered Accountants, our Statutory Auditors, by way of their certificate dated December 10, 2025.
*	Also, a Promoter Selling Shareholder.
&	Shareholder entitled with right to nominate directors or any other rights
^	Bonus shares issued in the ratio of 4:1.
Secondary Transfer of Equity Shares of face value of ₹5 each in the form of Gifts
Details of pre-IPO placement
Our Company has not undertaken any pre-IPO placement between the date of the Draft Red Herring Prospectus and the date of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Issue of equity shares of our Company for consideration other than cash in the last one year
Except as disclosed in “Capital Structure – Notes to Capital Structure – Shares issued for consideration other than cash or by way of a bonus issue” on page 90, our Company has not issued any equity shares for consideration other than cash in the one year preceding the date of this Red Herring Prospectus.
Split or consolidation of equity shares in the last one year
Pursuant to a resolution passed by our Board dated February 10, 2025 and a resolution passed by our Shareholders dated February 11, 2025, the face value of the equity shares was split from ₹100 per equity share to ₹5 per Equity Share. Accordingly, the authorised share capital of our Company, being 4,000,000 equity shares of ₹100 each was split into 80,000,000 Equity Shares of ₹5 each, and the issued, subscribed and paid-up equity share capital of our Company, being 568,182 equity shares of
₹100 each was split into 1,13,63,640 Equity Shares of ₹5 each. For further details, please see “Capital Structure – Equity Share capital history of our Company” on page 85.
Exemption from complying with any provisions of securities laws, if any, granted by the SEBI
Our Company has not applied for or received any exemption by SEBI from complying with any provisions of securities laws including the SEBI ICDR Regulations, as on the date of this Red Herring Prospectus.
SECTION II: RISK FACTORS
An investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk. Prospective investors should carefully consider all the information in this Red Herring Prospectus, including the risks and uncertainties described below, before making an investment in our Equity Shares. The risks described in this section are those that we consider to be the most significant to our business, results of operations and financial condition as of the date of this Red Herring Prospectus. The risks described below may not be exhaustive or the only ones relevant to us, the Equity Shares or the industry segments in which we currently operate. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or that we currently do not deem material may arise or may become material in the future. If any or a combination of the following risks, or other risks that are not currently known or are not currently deemed material, actually occur, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely affected, the trading price of our Equity Shares could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. The risk factors have been presented below on the basis of their materiality. Furthermore, some events may be material collectively rather than individually. Some events may not be material at present but may have a material impact in the future. In making an investment decision, prospective investors must rely on their own examination of us and our business and the terms of the Offer, including the merits and risks involved. Potential investors should consult their tax, financial and legal advisors about the particular consequences of purchasing our Equity Shares.
In order to obtain a complete understanding of our Company and our business, prospective investors should read this section in conjunction with “Industry Overview”, “Our Business”, “Key Regulations and Policies in India”, “Restated Financial Statements”, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments” on pages 137, 211, 238, 280, 356 and 388, respectively, as well as the other financial and statistical information contained in this Red Herring Prospectus.
This Red Herring Prospectus also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, assumptions, estimates, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our actual results could differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the considerations described below and elsewhere in this Red Herring Prospectus. For more details, see “Forward-Looking Statements” on page 18.
Unless otherwise stated, or unless the context otherwise requires, the financial information of our Company used in this section has been derived from our Restated Financial Statements included in this Red Herring Prospectus on page 280. Our financial year ends on March 31 of each year. Accordingly, references to “Fiscal 2025”, “Fiscal 2024” and “Fiscal 2023”, “Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023” or “financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2023” are to the 12-month period ended March 31 of the relevant year.
We have also included various financial and operational performance indicators in this Red Herring Prospectus, some of which have not been derived from the Restated Financial Statements. The manner of calculation and presentation of some of these financial and operational performance indicators, and the assumptions and estimates used in such calculations, may vary from those used by other companies in India and other jurisdictions.
Unless stated otherwise, industry and market data used in this section has been obtained or derived from the report titled “Industry Research Report on Magnet Winding Wires Market in India” dated November 26, 2025 (“CARE Report”), prepared and issued by Care Analytics and Advisory Private Limited pursuant to an engagement letter dated December 2, 2024, and exclusively commissioned and paid for by us in connection with the Offer. The industry-related information included herein includes excerpts from the CARE Report and may have been re-ordered by us for the purposes of presentation. Unless otherwise indicated, all financial, operational, industry and other related information derived from the CARE Report and included herein with respect to any particular year refers to such information for the relevant calendar year. The CARE Report will be available on the website of our Company from the date of this Red Herring Prospectus until the Bid/Offer Closing Date. For more information, see “Certain Conventions, Use of Financial Information and Market Data and Currency of Presentation” on page 15.
INTERNAL RISKS
We depend on certain customers for a significant portion of our revenue from operations. Our top 10 customers contributed to 53.97%, 52.54%, 57.10% and 58.99% of our revenue from operations for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Any decrease in demand from such customers, the loss of such customers or our inability to diversify our customer base could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
We have derived a significant portion of our revenue from operations from our top 10 customers. The table below sets forth details of our revenue from operations generated from top 10 customers in each of the period/ Fiscals indicated:
The table below sets forth the revenue derived from each of our top 10 customers, for the period/ Fiscals indicated:
* These customers represent the top 10 customers for each of the respective periods/ Fiscals and may not necessarily be the same customers across the periods/ Fiscals.
Note: Our top 10 customers include Al-Ahleia Switchgear Co., Bharat Bijlee Limited; CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited; Emirates Transformer & Switchgear Limited; Georgia Transformer Corporation; Nidec Industrial Automation India Private Limited; Transformers & Rectifiers (India) Limited; and Virginia Transformer Corporation. Names of other customers who form part of our top 10 customers during the periods/ Fiscals included above, have not been included in this Red Herring Prospectus due to non-receipt of consent from such customers to be named in the Offer Documents.
We had 122, 117 and 117 customers during the financial years ended March 31, 2025, March 31, 2024, and March 31, 2023, respectively. Further, during the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, we invoiced 93 customers. Since a significant portion of our revenue from operations is derived from certain key customers with long-standing, the loss of one or more of such customers or a reduction in the amount of business we obtain from them could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Of our top 10 customers based on revenue contribution for the financial year ended March 31, 2025, 5 of our customers have been customers for 10 years intermittently, 2 of our customers have been customers for 5 years, and the other 3 have been our customers for 2 years.
Except as disclosed in the section titled “Outstanding Litigation and Material Developments – A. Litigation Involving our Company – Criminal proceedings by our Company” on page 389, there have not been any instances of disputes with our customers or adverse changes in our relationship with our customers in the past, we cannot assure you that such instances will not occur in the future and have a material adverse impact on our business, result of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our reliance on a select group of customers may also constrain our ability to negotiate our arrangements, including pricing, which may have an impact on our profit margins and financial performance. The deterioration of the financial condition or a decline in the budgetary allocations of these customers could reduce their demand for our products and result in a significant decrease in the revenues we derive from them. Furthermore, key customers may become subject to international sanctions, which could further adversely affect our business and revenues.
The volume and timing of sales to such customers may also vary due to a change in their requirements, geo-political issues and management of inventory levels. Furthermore, we do not have firm commitments in the form of continuing or long-term supply agreements with some of our customers and instead rely on orders for manufacture of specific products on a purchase order basis, which governs the volume and other terms of the sale of our products. We need to maintain sufficient inventory levels of raw material to meet customer expectations at all times. Accumulating excess inventory could increase our inventory costs, and a failure to have adequate inventory in stock to fulfil customer orders could result in inability to meet customer demand or loss of customers. As actual orders by our customers are typically placed by way of ‘make to order’/ specific purchase orders, we are exposed to significant or unexpected changes in product specifications and delivery schedules, which may result in a mismatch between our inventories of raw materials, thereby increasing our costs for maintaining inventory. Our inability to forecast the level of customer demand for our products as well as our inability to accurately schedule our raw material purchases and production and manage our inventory may adversely affect our business and cash flows from operations. We cannot assure you that
our customers will place further orders with us in the future or that we will be able to maintain historic levels of business from them, or that we will be able to significantly reduce customers concentration in the future. The loss of business from any of these customers due to any reason could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
Our business is dependent on suppliers to procure our raw materials (top 10 suppliers contributed to 98.91%, 98.45%, 96.93% and 98.58% of our total cost of raw materials and components purchased for the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively). We have not entered into long-term agreements with these suppliers, and any loss of suppliers or interruptions in the timely delivery of raw materials or volatility in their prices could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.
We are dependent on suppliers to procure our raw materials. We had a network of 9, 14, 17 and 11 suppliers of copper and aluminium (which are our primary raw materials) and enamel and paper (which are our insulating materials) in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Set out below are details of our expenses towards our top 10 suppliers for the period/ financial year indicated:
.
*These suppliers represent the top 10 suppliers for each of the respective period/ Fiscals and may not necessarily be the same suppliers across the period/ Fiscals.
Note: Our top 10 suppliers include Ahlstrom Sweden AB; Cindus Corporation; Elantas Beck India Limited; Hindalco Industries Limited; Polycom Associates; Savli Copper Products Private Limited; Union Copper Rod LLC; and Vedanta Limited Sterlite Copper. Names of other suppliers have not been included in this Red Herring Prospectus due to non-receipt of consent from such suppliers to be named in the Offer Documents.
We purchase our raw materials from third-party suppliers on the basis of purchase orders and do not typically enter into any long-term agreements. We procure our main raw material i.e. copper in back-to-back arrangement with suppliers against confirmed bookings, i.e., the customer prices the copper with our Company and our Company does the same with its suppliers. While we procure raw materials from our suppliers once they confirm the receipt of our purchase orders, in the absence of long-term contracts, our suppliers may not be obligated to supply their products to us and/or may choose to sell their products to our competitors. While we have a large network of long-term suppliers, we purchase copper and aluminium, which are our primary raw materials (and copper also being our principal raw material), from a limited number of suppliers. While there have been no instances of termination of our relationship with our suppliers which had impacted our supply in the three-month period ended June 30, 2025, and the Fiscals 2025, 2024 and 2023, there can be no assurance that a particular supplier will continue to supply us with raw materials in the future. Further, we cannot assure that we will be able to enter into new or renew our existing arrangements with suppliers on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to source materials in a commercially viable and timely manner, if at all, which may impact our business and profitability.
